>> Before we jump into the course,
let's discuss what this course will cover.
>> First, you're going to dive right into something that we're
calling Project Zero and you'll learn more about that shortly.
>> Next, you'll learn about,
or it might be a review,
basic probability and conditional probability.
>> Then you'll go through the first of what will be many programming practice lessons.
>> After that, you'll learn the most important mathematical law for self-driving cars,
Bayes' rule, followed by more programming practice.
>> After that, you'll learn about probability distributions,
which together with Bayes' rule is crucial to solving the problem of robot localization,
which is just how a robot figures out where in the world it is.
>> Finally, you'll actually build a robot localizer in Project One.
Where you'll implement something called a two-dimensional histogram filter. Enjoy.